in today's video I'm going to be opening
up this empoleon boundaries crossed
blister promo so I opened up the hacks
first promo yesterday and you can go
ahead and check out that video I got
some cool stuff but uh nothing really
amazing so I'm hoping for a really good
pool from this one and this one's
actually taped Purdy shut so I have to
pull this off camera just to make sure I
don't damage the promo card trying to
get these loose another thing I really
like about these new blisters is that
these Pokemon packs that you get in them
are all from the new set boundaries
crossed so from a collector that's a
really good thing because that means I'm
just opening up new stock I'm not really
wasting my time by opening up older
packs that you know we're probably going
to have cards that I really don't need
and all right well stop starting to come
out so there's the three packs really
cool zoroark coin and now let's just get
out this and pulley on there we go with
the beautiful empoleon and let's go
ahead and start opening so first pack
code card all right let the camera focus
and we've got a scyther ooh potion
Oshawott Gothita cottony derm anytin
gloom and creon ogle my reverse is
darbuka and my rare is just a Toxicroak
um dr. Cruz kind of interesting it's got
a decent revenge attack not quite as
good as the bouffalant but it only does
it for our only needs a one colorless
energy brother Zeus a lot which requires
two but still really interesting I don't
really know if it'll see you play with
that sidekick weakness to easily
countered by Mewtwo Taillow volt or
Makka chin Chow pneumo Mienfoo patillo
and Munna my reverse is availabe and my
rare is an utter shame in so huh I
pulled a that that shame in non
holo rare from the last three blisters
so that's kind of disappointing so last
pack hopefully we get something good a
good ultra rare come on lots of people
have really good luck with these packs
um I like a little bit of that luck to
purloin Pikachu energy search meow
Mienfoo Croagunk heracross and her dear
my reverse oh black kiram so funny thing
is is this is one of the last reverses
that i needed so i end up making a trade
for like two or three of them and uh
yeah so now I've got like four or five
of these guys I feel like all right and
here we go with the rare alright
Landorus full art that's what I'm
talking about beautiful card and ah so
that just made the packs worth it that
actually i think this card alone just
paid for both of a of these blisters um
yeah that's a beautiful card um so I'm
gonna hang on to this one for now
however because it's a full art I am
more than happy to play with regular art
cards and my decks so if someone's got
like a regular landorus ax and you know
something else ultra rare wise to kind
of you know make the price equivalent I
could possibly work something like that
out but until then when you grab a
sleeve to keep it in mint condition just
in case it goes to a collector rather
than a player we're going to just
keep this bad guy in there oh there we
go beautiful full art landorus so
perfect way to end all these openings or
the double blister pack opening so
thanks everyone for watching and hope
you guys enjoyed it